Chore: move to node 18 (#58570)
grafana/grafana: scripts/build/ci-build/README.md

docker build -t grafana/build-container:<VERSION> .
docker push grafana/build-container:<VERSION>
```

> If running on an ARM chip (Apple M1/M2, etc.), be sure to add `--platform linux/amd64` to the `docker build` command and prepare for this to take a while (~4 hours for an initial build, faster thereafter due to caching)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run Grafana on a machine that has ARM chip (Apple M1/M2, etc.), add `--platform linux/amd64` to the `docker build` command. It can take approximately four hours for an initial build to complete. Due to caching, subsequent builds take less time.
```

Author: hey @chri2547 - have made these changes but left out the bit about `If you run Grafana on...` since it's not about running grafana, it's about running this script in particular. hope that makes sense 👍

Reviewer: @ashharrison90 , got it, in that case I would just say "If the script runs on a machine that has an ARM chip...".
